Gh-210: add doc for gaffer docker (#371)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/dev/kubernetes-guide/deploy-schema.md

# How to deploy your own schema

Gaffer uses schema files to describe the data contained in a Graph. This guide will tell you how to deploy your own schemas with a Gaffer Graph.

> The first thing you will need to do is deploy a simple graph. We have a guide for how to do that [here](deploy-empty-graph.md).

Reviewer: It's better if link's are in context.
```suggestion
You will first need [a basic Gaffer instance deployed on Kubernetes](deploy-empty-graph.md).
```
